1 game		A - 1, B - 2 etc. numbers are in source
2 hallway	Anagram words in source
3 knowledge	Increase brightness, the word 'elephant' will appear
4 elephant	Ceasar cipher, source shows the key (21) and the ciphertext.
5 transport The answer is serene
6 serene    Use T9 on the letters in the source
7 xtra		Use Braille
8 powerful	First and last letter of each word in source spell kettle
9 kettle	Source says 2 : 4. Line 2 word 4 of Corner of the Sky.
10 time		Answer is violin.

11 map			Join the cities with lines, they intersect on Saudi Arabia
12 saudiarabia  Solve nonogram to get apple
13 apple    	There are 6 Easter eggs with the names of the people who are quoted with the letters of the answer. People: Malala, Ali, Oppenheimer, MLK, Churchill, Chaplin.
14 reason		The equation is the shape of a heart
14b heart		Morse code
15 smog			Again T9 but this time pick letters corresponding to numbers to make a word.
16 sent         The answer is guernica
17 guernica 	Each word is in a particular language eg. second word means answer in Afrikaans the first word which is the answer means season in Finnish. The pic is the tower of Babel.
18 season		You get teh number seven by summing all the letters. You get 49. so Write all words in 7x7 square. Vertically in the center you will see the word America.
19 america		First letter of first logo name, second letter of second logo.. etc for the 4 logos.
20 tent			Fill the crosswords with the answers to the levels, the gray squares are the answers. Answer is ultimate.

21 level21			Slow down audio. Extract from reading of Do not go gentle... The word meteors is muffled or something.
22 meteors			Sum of odd numbers in each number. You get 777.
23 jackpot			Enigma is the link between the 2 characters.
24 enigma			Wait and the gif will flash the answer
24b ladybug			Just solve rebus puzzles
24c heavenforbid
24d calmdown
24e robinhood
25 water			Zoom onto tower, u find Burj Khalifa's coordinates
26 burjkhalifa		Answer is pupil
27 pupil     		Source has numbers. Find numbers in these positions in pi. If u see something like 1&60 it means put the numbers beside each other to get a 2 digit number.
28 ignite			The music is Escape by enrique. Press the escape key you see a picture which says "escape you for rainbows poems like quickly they are". If you rearrange it's a quote by Hughes.
29 langstonhughes	Puzzle. Answer in my google drive.
30 manji			Join the Cs. The letters within the outline anagram to embarrassed.

31 level31			2nd letter from heart, 3rd etc... they form the word earth
31b earth			POUND + ` = Round cuz it's the thing in the R
32 round			Put vowels between the consonants in the right places.
33 attack			Morse code chart.
34 gelato			Symbols are faith, and hope. Missing is love.
35 ai				0*20^3+5*20^2+0+2
36 2012 			Ans is what a wonderful world
37 acinreug			IPA for a quote in Lolita. Type lolita to get "Who was the real life Lolita?". You get florencehorner which leads u to florencesallyhorner. Then Do you know another famous person with the name Florence? florencenightingale is an easter egg which leads to florencejoyner then flojo then song her daughter sang is gravity then leads u to gravitropism. Then what is the original name of the uni named after the guy who introduced potato to greece? othonianuniverity then it leads u to panathinaikos.
38 masterofgoogle	Sonnet 116
39 castle			Pic of youtube. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aaWYaJouy3w (the pic in the vid is is http://prntscr.com/f1rj9t )		Every person discovered a type of EM radiation. The answer is the guy who discovered gamma rays.
40 paulvillard		Join 4s and 0s in pic. It's an m. Type mcdonalds. You get "Take into account the leading graphemes" and a pic of a McDonalds logo in a particular place. Overlay it on the letters. Then take the first letter of each number to get the word softens.

41 start 			QR code leads to https://en.lichess.org/VSUDQSl9 Evergreen then lebanon then half of Emma Watson's face. The other tree is the norfolk island pine on their flag and leads to the other half of her face.
42 emmawatson		Viking runes. Spells out I sung of chaos and eternal night. Leads to Paradise Lost. Then the source is a book cipher.
43 aether			The numbers are a perfect square. The magic number is Kaprekar's constant. kaprekarsconstant tells u to search for his fb profile. You will find 5 numbers across his fb page. The numbers are ASCII. You get letters in pride.
44 pride			They gave TED talks. Each person's name is an easter egg eg. "Eleventh word" for Blaine. You get the words in order: thought grew minutes people music publicly. Each word is an easter egg. They provide the taxonomy for dolphins.
45 dolphin			Logos: apple, beats, lg, nvidia. Then many logos in the same image. Monster nike snapchat. Every one is an easter egg and u get 4 vertical letters for each. Source has one more. Also the previous pictures had 2 more. In the end you arrange them to get pizzicato so there are 9 of them in total.
46 pizzicato		zetafunction, eulersformula, celsius (leads to temperature) 
47 temperature		you get a chemical reaction and u need to find the product. It's sodium ethyl xanthate (sex) so sex leads u to the pic of a protein. It's called sonichedgehog. Hint is: AATGCTACTATTGTTGAA. The single-letter data-base codes (SLC) of the amino acids spell out native.
48 native			The names of the dwarves in the paragraph make an arrow pointing to the word searching.
49 searching		One of the symbols is a distortion of the word "serene".
50 sereneeternity	The third person is Dvorak. That's all that matters. Map the letters on a Dvorak Keyboards (punctuation included) you get Type cellardoor....
cellardoor